 This is tinyproxy-adns, tinyproxy with support for GNU adns asynchronous
 resolver library.

 DESCRIPTION
 -----------

 tinyproxy is a small, efficient HTTP proxy daemon.  tinyproxy is very 
 useful in a small network setting, where a larger proxy like Squid
 would either be too resource intensive, or a security risk.  One of
 the key features of tinyproxy is the buffering connection concept.
 In effect, tinyproxy will buffer a high speed response from a server, 
 and then relay it to a client at the highest speed the client will
 accept.  This feature greatly reduces the problems with sluggishness
 on the Internet.  If you are sharing an Internet connection with a
 small network, and you only want to allow HTTP requests to be
 allowed, then tinyproxy is a great tool for the network
 administrator.

 This version of tinyproxy must be compiled with GNU adns, available from
 http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~ian/adns/.

 INSTALLATION
 ------------

 To install this package under a Unix derivative, read the INSTALL
 file.  tinyproxy uses a standard GNU configure script.  There are
 additional command line arguments you can supply to configure.  They
 include:

	--enable-debug		If you would like to turn on full
				debugging support
	--enable-socks		This turns on SOCKS support for using
				tinyproxy across a fire wall.
	--enable-xtinyproxy	Compile in support for the XTinyproxy
				header, which is sent to any web
				server in your domain.

    Options for GNU adns
        --with-adns-include=DIR Set the directory in which adns.h has
                                been installed. Required if this is in
                                a non-standard location.
        --with-adns-lib=DIR     Set the directory in which libadns.* have
                                been installed. Required if this is in
                                a non-standard location.

     Options for file locations etc.
        --with-port=PORT        Set the port on which tinyproxy listens,
                                by default 8080.
        --with-log-file=FILE    Set the default logfile location.
        --with-user=USER        Set the default user to which tinyproxy
                                will setuid() upon startup.

 Once you have completed your installation, if you would like to
 report your success please execute the report.sh script in the doc
 directory.  This will send an email to the authors reporting your
 version, and a few bits of information concerning the memory usage of 
 tinyproxy.  Alternatively, you could just send an email stating the
 version.  Which ever you prefer.

 SUPPORT
 -------

 If you are having problems with tinyproxy, please report the problem
 to:

	Steven Young		<sdyoung@well.com>
	Robert James Kaes	<rjkaes@flarenet.com>

 If the problem seems to be to do with GNU adns support (or if I've done
 something obviously wrong), please email

        Chris Lightfoot         <chris@ex-parrot.com>

 Please recompile tinyproxy with full debug support (--enable-debug)
 and include a copy of the log file, and any assert errors reported by 
 tinyproxy.  Also, if you feel up to it, try running tinyproxy under
 your debugger and report the error your received and a context
 listing of the location.  Under gdb you would run tinyproxy like so:

	 gdb tinyproxy

	 (gdb) set args -p port_num -l log_file -d
	 (gdb) run

 Now access the port tinyproxy is on until you receive a break in the
 gdb. You can now type:

	 (gbd) l

 to produce a context listing of the location of the error.  Send a
 copy to the authors.

 HOW TO CONTRIBUTE TO tinyproxy
 ------------------------------

 If you would like to contribute a feature, or a bug fix to the
 tinyproxy source, please send a diff (preferable a unified
 diff. i.e. "diff -u") against the latest release of tinyproxy.  Also, 
 if you could include a brief description of what your patch does.
